[MC-292] Update AD/LDAP workflows (#460)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Disable_User_in_Active_Directory_from_Microsoft_Teams/help.md

Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

This workflow leverages InsightConnect's Parameters feature. This feature allows variables used multiple times throughout a workflow to be entered once and then referenced throughout the workflow.

There are three parameters you will need to configure in order to complete setup of your workflow:

* Team Name: The Microsoft Teams team name in your environment where the workflow should be triggered and respond
* Channel Name: The Microsoft Teams channel name in your environment where the workflow should be triggered and respond (the channel should exist in the aforementioned team)

> * Search Base: The base of the Active Directory user search request, eg. DC=example,DC=com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Search Base: The base of the Active Directory user search request, e.g. DC=example,DC=com
```
